This is pumpkin porridge according to your recipe
That's right. What are you doing?
I don't know.
Sorry, I didn't mean to.
Live ok ok
I thought of that day, Chen Jingjing, I said you could understand
I'm sorry, I'll clean it up for you.
I didn't think about him.
You were hurt by him
There should be no physical contact for a short period of time
Or how do I do it?
I won't let the lady pay the bill.
Don't blame him for giving birth to you
He is your wife after all
How is it possible to be willing to take care of
It's okay if he doesn't want to.
As long as you want
I have to take care of it for the rest of my life
How deep is the field of breastfeeding?
You and Xiao Yang haven't returned to the old house for a long time
I miss grandma
No, I asked your father to throw a seder
Will you bring my granddaughter-in-law back early tomorrow?
Got it, bye.
Young lady, dress up
Prettier than a star on TV
This is to go back to the Lu family with the young master
I heard from the people over there in the old house
This family dinner was fooled
It's not just the Lu family
What else is there in business?
And a lot of people in politics
What do you mean in this life?
In my heart
There is only one granddaughter-in-law of the Lu family
That is Yunchu
So what's the problem with me taking her there?
Go back to grandma and wipe it
You know where you are
Don't always waste your appearance
OK, I'll take you up there now.